of adults
it every day thousands of americans who
need dental care or crossing the border
into Algodones mexico why are they doing it
because they're saving big-money for can
read back with us now with the story of
this
they come from all over the united
states on a pilgrimage seemingly for the
middle of no where
their destination is los al did elvis
mexico it is just across the border from
yuma arizona it's a place that many
people consider the best kept secret in
the southwest
and they misplaced
shelley shelton travels here several
times a year from her home in orange
county so i don't want a lot of people
to know about this place that's like my
secret hideaway a i come to
but word about our secret away since is
slowly getting out that having just each
day thousands of americans black two was
a public notice mexico it's a border
town Algodones near yuma arizona
well in many mexican towns church bring
smiles in los altos gunness it's miles
the grand jurors album yes mexico but
across the border wife light to get some
dental work done in this town abruptly
fourteen thousand people
there are dental offices everywhere you
look
more than three hundred and fifty dennis
work year and ninety percent of their
business comes from north of the border
and i know what you would charge haha
him
this replaces book doctor gabriella best
students is one of those dennis
profiting from this cross-border dental
boom
why do americans
copyrighted small-town together again
well first of all
because of the press
here you have a nice more it's cheaper
than the u_s_ compared to the u_s_
prices here are washcloth
to get your teeth cleaned in mexico
it'll cost you around thirty bucks in
the u_s_ he could run upwards of two
hundred dollars fillings thirty bucks in
mexico in the u_s_ one hundred dollars a
root canal one hundred dollars in mexico
in the u_s_ up to two thousand dollars
we need to replace these clown dennis
keep their prices low because it's a
cash only business
they don't accept insurance our credit
cards
the dennis have years of school
untrained just like american dennis
center offices are equipped with the
latest dental technology
so the fall their within view
compared to say that there is
plaza where the u_s_
immediate no melting points
that's the price you don't know
always what's uh... what regulations are
following what standards to the
following if their standards that are
being followed doctor curving leave
opec's president the los angeles dental
society says the dennis in the u_s_ are
regulated and have to have malpractice
insurance
and back protects patients
he says when you see medical care
outside the u_s_ rolling the dice
potentially uh... could be a problem
when something goes wrong
and sort of buyer beware
but that doesn't bother david ryan
who came here from minnesota looking for
a bargain flowers and i wish i had to
come down here never keys planes and
uh...
about their idea that we were
problems
and i'm sorry about the whole probably
somewhere around working working under
dollars
come on get up
uh... but you know if you got through
when arguable but what did you sacrifice
for the thirteen hundred buttressing
sacrifice one then
memory was actually a very pleasant
experience for and but the experiences
of always that was four days but
with an influx of terrorist crossing the
border comes those trying to cash in
they're called hustlers who stand around
at the border intake unsuspecting
visitors as they come across to specific
dental offices are farmers
some of the dennis here see it is a
growing problem will what otherwise be a
dental mecca
these hustlers pals on americans as they
walk into Algodones mexico
you work for the dentist
then they take them to certain dental
offices and strong-arm the dennis
indicating that the percentage of their
profits why black debated died
they wouldn't pay since
at twenty percent of all my personal war
along with our producer cara wallace
another article we found a getting
dental work done is the weight of the
border itself in the weather that can
take hours
for a list of dennis any port
informations from the american dental
association about dennis just south of
the border this log onto our website at
n_b_c_ ford dot tv
Algodones